I reside at 24 and 25 New Street, Bishopsgate, which is a common lodging house. I am a laborer and have been a fish porter. I now live at my sister's 21 Portpool Lane, Grays Inn Road. I have lived with the deceased one year and eight months, her name was Marie Jeanette Kelly. Kelly was her maiden name and the name she always went by. I have seen the body. I identify the woman by the ear and the eyes. I am positive it is the same woman. I have lived with her at 13 room, Millers Court, eight months or longer. I separated from her on the 30th of October. I left her because she had a person who was a prostitute who she took in and I objected to her doing so, that was the only reason, not because I was out of work. I left her on the 30th October between 5 & 6 pm. I last saw her alive between 7.30 and 7.45 the night of Thursday before she was found. I was with her one hour, we were on friendly terms. I told her when I left her I had no work and nothing to give her of which I was very sorry, we did not drink together, she was quite sober, she was as long as she was with me of sober habits. She got drunk several times in my presence. There was a female with us on Thursday evening when we were together
she left first and I shortly afterwards. Deceased has often told me as to her parents, she said she was born in Limerick - that she was 25 years of age - & from there she went to Wales when very young. She told me she came to London about 4 years ago. Her father's name was John Kelly. he was a Gauger at some ironworks in Carnarvonshire. She told me she had one sister, who was a traveller with materials from market place to market place.  She also said she has 6 brothers at home and one in the army, one was Henry Kelly. I never spoke to any of them. She told me she had been married very young in Wales. She had been married to a Collier, she told me his name was Davis or Davies, { on prompting from the Coroner} I think Davies. She told me she was lawfully married to him until he died in an explosion. She said she lived with him 2 or 3 years up to his death. She told me she was married at the age of 16 years. She came to London about 4 years ago, after her husband's death. She said she first went to Cardiff and was at an infirmary there 8 or 9 months and followed a bad life with a cousin whilst in Cardiff. When she left Cardiff she came to London. She told me she was first in a gay house in the West End of Town. A gentleman asked her to go with him to France. She described to me she went to France. As she told me she did not like the part she did not stay there long, she lived there about a fortnight. She did not like at and returned. She came back and lived in Ratcliffe Highway for some time, she did not tell me how long. Then she was living near Stepney Gas Works. Morganstone was the man she lived with there. She told me that in Pennington Street she lived at one time with a Morganstone, and with Joseph Flemming, she was very fond of him. He was a Mason's plasterer. He lived in Bethnal Green Rd. She told me all this, but I do not know which she lived with last, Flemming used to visit her. I picked up with her in Commercial Street, Spitalfields. The first night we drank together and I arranged to see her the next day, and then on Saturday we agreed to remain together and I took lodgings in George Street where I was known George Street. Commercial Street. I lived with her from then till I left her the other day. She had on several occasions asked me to read about the murders she seemed afraid of someone, she did not express fear of any particular individual except when she rowed with me but we always came to terms very quickly. 
